this is supposed to be a nonpartisan
event it goes back to 1953 and every
president since Dwight Eisenhower has
been to the prayer breakfast including
President Obama to whom Trump loves to
compare himself so for comparison's sake
we did that too and this is a it's like
to be at a prayer breakfast with
President Obama versus president Trump
let us pray to God that we may be worthy
of the many blessings he has bestowed
upon our nation
they hired a big big movie star Arnold
Schwarzenegger to take my place
and we know how that turned out
sometimes we talk about respect but we
don't act with respect towards each
other when they impeach you for nothing
then you're supposed to like them it's
not easy folks I'm not alone in my
success I succeed because others succeed
with me and sometimes they hate people
I'm sorry
I apologize I'm trying to learn
it's not easy I believe that the
starting point of faith is some doubt
not not being so fully yourself and so
confident that you are right and the God
speaks only to us and for those of you
that are interested in stocks it looks
like the stock market will be way up
again today that's right all the way up
to heaven thanks for watching remember
every time you click the subscribe
button one of your enemies gets
destroyed